Dear Taylor and John,

I must apologise for the long delay since you submitted this article. I
am attaching two reviewers reports. Both reviewers are positive and have
some constructive suggestions.  Based on this I would like you to submit
a revised manuscript after considering some changes to the functions.
Your resubmission should include a point-by-point reply to the two
reviews.

Reviewer 2 has a suggestion for tighter bounds in the cvm.test function
than the one shown in equations 10 + 11, which I suggest you implement.

JJJ: Yes, we'll look at it.

Reviewer 1 wants to see some simulations showing the accuracy of this
approximation and I think there is a good case for doing this. 

JJJ: We didn't think so, no.

 Reviewer
1 goes further and suggests that you use Monte Carlo simulation to
calculate p-values in the range (0.0001, 0.01) in the cvm.test function
itself, pointing out that this range is important in a multiple
comparison situation. I'm not sure I agree with this latter suggestion,
and I would hope that it can be circumvented with the use of the
improved bounds.

JJJ: We agree, we hope the improved bounds did the trick.



I am aware that you have updated the package since your submission. I
also saw your message to the R-devel list about incorporating these
changes into the stats package. I don't see any major problems with this
idea, but I would like to keep this issue separate from the destiny of
the article in The R Journal.

JJJ: Yes, we agree.

I have a few minor comments on the manuscript:
- page 1. Introduction, third paragraph.  Articles in The R Journal
 do not cite R itself.

JJJ: Done.

- page 4. Examples. Could you please use scoping consistently to make
 it clear function is being called: your one or the one in stats.

JJJ: Yes, we will do this.

- page 4, LHS. In the second example, the p-value returned by ks.test
 is a conservative upper bound. I think this could be mentioned
 earlier (page 2).

JJJ: Sounds reasonable.

- page 4, RHS. "A different toy example shows the dangers of using R's
 existing ks.test() function [with discrete data]"

JJJ: Done.

best regards
Martyn


